Testing design 
Strategy of testing: Software system in the unit, integration, confirmation, system, installation, acceptance testing, found level (greater than or equal to 1), the secondary errors (greater than or equal to 2) suspension test back to development.Software system through the unit, integration, confirmation, system, installation, acceptance testing, reached unit, integration, confirmation, system, installation, stop standard acceptance testing.Software system through the acceptance testing, and has set up a acceptance test conclusion.To adjust the software project to be suspended, tests should be suspended, and backup suspension point data.Software projects in the development life cycle significant estimates, progress deviation, suspension or termination, testing should suspend or terminate immediately, and suspend or cancel some backup data.
Testing range: 1. The response time: Put the "response time" as the concept of "the time required to respond to requests", the response time for ` software for users to view performance mainly embodied.Response time is divided into "present time" and "system response time" two parts.
2. The number of concurrent users. Put the number of concurrent users and the distinction between "at the same time online number", to my standards of "the number of concurrent users" is: the number of concurrent users depends on the test object target business scenario, therefore, in determining the number of concurrent users' before, must first (necessary) to the user's business decomposition, analysis the typical business scenarios (i.e., the user the most commonly used and most focus on business operations), and then based on the scenario adopted some methods (there are a variety of mathematical model and formula for computing the number of concurrent users) to obtain the number of concurrent users. 
 3. The throughput. Put the throughput is defined as "per unit time system to deal with the number of customer requests", bearing capacity, directly reflect the performance of the software system for interactive applications, throughput, reflect the pressure on the server, in the test of capacity planning, throughput is an important index, it not only reflected in the middleware, database, more reflect on hardware. We use the indicators in the following aspects: (1) to help design performance test scenarios, measure whether the performance test has reached the expected design goal. (2) to help analyze performance bottlenecks.
4. Performance counters. Performance counter type description of some of the data server or operating system performance indicators, such as running on android mobile phones on the amount of memory and processor.
Risk analysis. Risk: as the test group members are not before software testing experience, only some basic theoretical knowledge.So going to do the test is not good.There may be part of the test time is too long, or someone's testing work can't finish it on time.Can cause to the whole time, and the influence of the testing progress. 
Risk handling: necessary to simplify the test contents, test simplified as far as possible to achieve.To complete the task of the personnel to give not the team members to help to solve the problem, as far as possible short time to complete their tasks.
Test the implementation process. The user layer: Mainly using the operator test for products eventually.Here is focused on the Angle of the operator, the test system of user support, normative, friendly user interface, maneuverability, and the safety of the data.Mainly includes: user manual, use the help and support the customer's other products technical manuals are correct, is easy to understand, whether or not human nature.
User interface tests: In ensuring that the user interface can pass the test object or entrance to get the corresponding access control, test whether the style of the user interface to meet user requirements, such as: whether the interface is beautiful, friendly interface is intuitive and operation whether, whether humanity, operability is better.
Maintainability test: Maintainability is the system software and hardware implementation and ease of maintenance function.The purpose is to reduce maintenance functions for the system normal operation.
Security testing: the security here mainly includes two parts: the data of the safety and the safety of the operation.Verify only specification data can access the system, other do not conform to the specifications of the data will not be able to access the system;Verify only specification of the operation permission can access the system, other do not conform to the specifications of the operation permission will not be able to access the system.
